hey guys and welcome to a new loop video
1000 revenants and these are the guys
that are in the wilderness and they used
to be a very popular hotspot for
training not really training I meant
like money-making back in the day like
after free trade around the time of 2011
early 2012 after EEOC
they kind of died off on the popularity
is just not there anymore because the
items just went plummeting and they are
just not worth it but because legacy is
coming back a lot of items are going up
and the items are just unstable so I
felt like it was a perfect time to do
the revs I was planning on doing this
loot video a long time ago but today
seems like the perfect day to do it so
the past three days I was working on
this loot video with my friends or a
beast and mama deer thank you to them
because they did help me through this
like they didn't actually help me kill
they just uh Skype with me the entire
time made it a lot more fun than it was
and they came with me to revs every time
I went that way it'd be harder for us to
get crashed it was just a better
experience for all of us so initially I
was streaming this and I streamed the
first hundred kills but let me tell you
it was a complete disaster because we
kept on getting crashed by two or three
douches that followed our stream just
try to find our worlds and we did every
measure possible to make it where they
couldn't crash us they just kept on
randomly hopping and finding us it was
really stupid but um you guys probably
seen that stream maybe I had a lot of
viewers at the time but if you didn't
that's what happened and that's why we
didn't stream any of this because it's
just too risky and it wasn't like I was
risking that much it wasn't like I lost
that much when I died once or twice um
it was just annoying because it really
made me not want to do revs and I really
wanted to finish this so another thing
you guys might be wondering is how did I
track my kills because they are like
Brandon xp4 kills the way I counted my
kills was bringing my ectoplasm adder
which gives you 15 experience per kill
but for me it's 30 because I do have
double prayer experience right now so
that's how I counted one kills 30 XP so
I needed 30,000 prayer and I could found
resetting it every time we went to
Barrow so I wouldn't like ruin my prayer
thing so that's how I counted it I did
get to about exactly a thousand kills
maybe give or take one or two in either
direction but I'm pretty accurate on
1,000 kills and yeah so for the gear I
just use basic warband gear and we did
use team capes to identify each other so
if we saw a white dot we would know
it's a PK or not and yeah I think that's
all you guys need to know about revs
other than that they're really bad
experience no charms and they are quite
boring unless you get very very lucky
like I did so let's go into the drops so
to kick off the salute video right away
like I think on my fifth or sixth kill
I got a saradomin statuette from an imp
which is pretty funny and I thought it
was 750 K but I was kind of confused
because I haven't done revs and so long
it was actually 400 K and that is fine
by me that is great for the beginning
and then not too long after I got a
zamorak medallion which is not too bad
either I think it's like 100 K I believe
um they do add up so I mean it's nothing
to complain about
and then seriously I hit the jackpot I
got a 7 mil drop steadiest warhammer
non-corrupt I was my pants
we actually were all freaking out to be
honest and I was getting so lucky
compared to my friends it's just so
funny because I was getting so many
drops compared to them and yeah I
basically my pants from that 7 mil
drop I still can't get over that that
was so amazing
but I went dry for a little bit and then
I think the next day I went back and I
got a serial staph non-corrupt so that's
pretty cool as well that is about 2 mil
so I don't know about the street but the
GE is to melt so that's pretty cool so I
had so much luck I just had so much
motivation to keep on revving so I did
so to continue my extreme luck here I
did get another drop and it was a
steadiest plate body non-corrupt again
which is amazing I don't know the price
of it but that is pretty nice it was
like 1.5 mil GE so nothing to play about
there that is amazing and then literally
a few kills later I did get a status
Legs non-corrupt which is oh my god I
have like almost the full set of status
non-corrupt I just need the helm so I
was actually my pants it was
crazy like I'm really enjoying revs at
this point during the loot video and I
just couldn't see my luck ever ending
and then I continued with revs and I got
another drop and it was an army little
statuette which is 750 K that is also
pretty awesome and it's so funny that I
was getting all these drops and my
friend aura beast and Mama deer they're
not getting anything and I was I felt
really bad because I'm getting so many
good items and they're getting like
absolute so yeah I guess that's
just my luck here I did follow up that a
armadale statuette with a zamorak
medallion again so that's my second one
um you guys know the price so not too
shabby and then later I did get up
scrimshaw which I wasn't extremely happy
about but I wasn't going to complain or
anything because I freaking was making
Bank here it is only like 50k but oh
well it is a drop and then to finish off
a loot video within my last 50 kills I
did get one of the best items here
ancient statuette which you guys should
know that is the best statuette in the
game and it's 5 mil I don't even have to
care about the street price it's 5 mil
total that is amazing so my luck at
revenants was just so crazy guys so if
you guys want to test your luck
revenants are a good place to do it
because they are just really good money
I don't know about the street and stuff
things might not even sell but to be
honest I've made at least 10 mil here
considering I only took like three and a
half hours four hours of this it is
really really fun so I think you have
the gist of what happened to salute
video it's just so crazy I want you guys
to see what I get from the selling so
meet you guys there so here's the final
loot for the revenant and you guys can
tell that I did pick up the coins which
it was around 200k just from picking up
the coins from a thousand so I mean it
is worth it to pick up the coins if you
want it was a lot of work to do that but
it was kind of cool that I did add an
extra 200 K I mean that's kind of like a
little drop from revs so I don't want to
keep you guys waiting I'm gonna sell all
the items that I can sell and let's see
how much I get and considering that um
they have weird streets and stuff I want
you guys to see me sell it so let's see
how much they actually sell for all
right steadiest Warhammer first I'm
gonna see if it sells for med I'm really
hoping here we go alright sadly it
didn't sell for med I'm gonna probably
put it at like 6 mil and I doubt it
it'll sell but we'll just have to see to
be honest ok the status Warhammer sold
for 6.6 that is amazing I actually
thought it was going to be less than 6
mil I actually was expecting like 4 mil
so that's really nice a really good
start for the selling cereal staff time
so cereal staff sold for 4 point 2 mil
double its GE price that is crazy oh my
god guys zoria liz is skyrocketing oh my
god 4 mil from one item cheeses that is
amazing alright let's try the status
alright status isn't selling for its
price so I'm going to put it a little
lower so literally the status plate body
sold for 150 K that is pretty depressing
but I did make a crap ton of money on
the other items so nothing to complain
about there
let's sell the statuettes and see what
the final price check is now all right
I'm going to sell the statuettes to them
see how much I get and I sold all the
artifacts for 6.4 mil that is pretty
awesome let's see the final price check
of the loot video let's withdraw I mean
it's probably easier that way
okay eighteen point seven that is pretty
nice let's actually just see that zoomed
in because it's just so much money from
just a thousand kills I seriously made
almost 20 mil from a thousand revs I was
expecting like 9 mil to be honest so I
got extremely lucky if you guys go here
don't expect this much it is kind of
weird that I did make this much money
but oh my god that is amazing 18 mil
that's a really big increase to my up
bank for just a short loot video like
this if you guys think you're lucky I
would try out revs I mean they're not
extremely fun or anything but they can
make a lot of money as you guys can see
this is like nearly four to five million
hour right now right there that is
pretty sick but granted I was super
lucky I would probably say this is on
average maybe 1.5 to 2.5 million hour
depending on your luck obviously you can
have six tremely lucky hours like you
can make 15 mil in one hour if you
really get lucky but um that's the
beauty of revs so yeah guys like the
video if you enjoyed subscribe if you
haven't yet I'm sorry I couldn't stream
this or anything but I will try to
stream everything else
and either way hope you enjoyed this
awesome loot video I'll see you guys in
the next one have a good day